lovely rattlesnake venom hits from media's
lips Dragon Queen cup of fire black arrows darken the sky the order of the
rose with the bows and arrows horses riding full stride the
bols hit the mark every time psychotropic
logos you know who's in the right urses with a giggling smile
produce the flowers with the pal I give you my blood do you have the blood of
the Dying God sell fire with the Stars in Your Eyes rub it in the man who's
laughing I am being drink Hallelujah from aphrodites lips OS purple juice
coat gorgeous make your face melt Terror cards dealt ancient songs The Cosmic
spells wave the magic war from overhead Simon Says
sat welcome back to Lady Babylon bakic orgy we're going to be looking at the
Immaculate Reception tonight this is a special episode what we have going on
for you is a little tag team between myself in between Gnostic and forat
we're g to get it on but before we do what are we gonna
talk about we're g to talk about the most excellent and glorious release of
the interview on Danny Jones yes yes give the Applause chewy
it's fantastic and it's going swimmingly and it occurred to me as that
current was hitting I thought you know all those great great people on lady Babylon all the satanic
congregation we need a party and we're gonna have one tonight because we have
momentum and we are in a place that we can bring that museum back I love this I
absolutely love this now how are we going to get get there tonight I'm going to take you into the minds there's so
many Souls there's so many souls to suck oh god it feels so good it feels so good
it's it's almost not right oh god um
mommy show me oh god um that's part of
it do it's not it's terrible it's a terrible thing um Dennis Hopper I think
was the was the source of that fantastic here's what we're going to do we're
going to bring on Gnostic inform form it here and we're going to look through some comments and some clips and I just
want to celebrate I want to say this this is my
introduction it's so nice to look back upon the fields that you have toiled and
labored over it's so nice to be a Craftsman and to know that you have
finally produced that gorgeous gorgeous
product yes this dope this dope um if it
doesn't rub the wrong way it's not the right stuff and that's what we're going to be looking at tonight we're going to
do it through the eyeballs the minds of those people who
are watching this is such a nice opportunity Danny Jones has given me the
opportunity to take what I've been bringing to everybody here and take it
to um the world and he did such a fantastic job in the interview and
caught me off guard caught me off guard how often does that happen oh God I loved it I loved it um
let's begin by bringing Neil in and tell us go ahead Chey beam him up
that's the wrong one yeah okay Gnostic informant welcome I'm I'm going to show
us a clip here to start and I just want to um you to give me your impressions
let me know what you think is there anything you want to say Neil before we begin here tonight that three and a half
hour discussion that you and Danny had was incredible and we're looking at the
metrics me and Danny are looking at the the numbers crunching the numbers this
is going viral it is it's got the the watch times through the roof the
comments thousands of comments through the roof likes through the roof uh watch
time I already said that it's got the click rate through like 10% this video is taking off which is
exactly what we hope for and we we knew that the reaction would be mixed we
didn't have any doubts about that that we don't care about cuz that's what we want to see we love to
see both the haters and the lovers that's the that's the best part about
it how you were under the Muse the whole time it wasn't you were just flowing
dude you were just flowing do we have that picture something chewy can you pull up that
picture the is the cover for Danny's yeah there we go look at
you there we go there we go what what is
you said the one part that got the one part that I my hair my hair stood up when you looked over and you said aana
she's that that Warrior that Warrior virgin that we put up on the hill yeah Danny Danny just looked at you and goes
whoa yeah yeah yeah it was so oh it was
so nice to be able to do it it was so nice yeah it's one of the greatest podcast I've ever seen in a long time so
well hopefully you know I want that's part of what I wanted to make tonight too is I want the satanic congregation
that has been there so long with me right now can you hear the people leaving the building right we do that
why do we do that we do it on purpose so those people will go away right so um
can you imagine the satanic congregation has been through this the whole way and
um I just want to sh I want to share in this victory in the labors of many
people and um a Community effort and a real you know what I think is a spark to
a Renaissance um this is gorgeous I can't I'm so privileged to be able to work
with um every one of you and I just want to say from the altar of our Temple
thank you thank you oh god let's look at some comments put me in my place with
some oh wait leave that up oh I love that give me some comments here let's roll out a couple I've got them ready
now I'm going to give a a lot I want to fly through some of these and then I want to roll some couple of tapes but
let's start out with a couple of comments evil
evil I love it I thought that was nice and concise one word give us the next
one yeah yeah yeah many of these fools only
listen to the first 10 minutes as it shows he's just waiting out right close-minded thank you some
people yeah some people get it you know what I mean and they're like oh I get it why do you always say he Satan okay if
it makes you uncomfortable get out right that's the gadfly brauh okay
let's go to the next one I want your comment on this one you read this one can you read this one it's kind of small yeah yeah yeah I love this guest so much
he comes off a little cracked in the head but how would you not be after reading an actual ancient text that
everything we are taught about the past is completely inaccurate yeah yeah that
was nice well I felt a little you know when I read a comment like that I feel
Vindicated like oh it caught somebody caught it and they were like oh thank
you thank me go to the next one it's gorgeous this guy took a trip and never came back
that okay I I want to ask your opinion Neil a lot of these comments are about
drug use and um was there anything in that interview that made you think
somehow that I was some kind of drug user you even said you're a purist at
some point there yeah but yeah so and if I had to steal EV for them is they're hearing you saying so much stuff that
they they're shocked to hear that they're thinking he must be doing the stuff that he's claiming that these
Greeks are doing but people that actually you know the an ancient Greek sources know that medical was Everything
Medical there was there was there was a there was a gray area between medical and cult it was all sort of you know
brought into the same fold where medicine is everywhere drugs are everywhere it's just a part of life they don't even they don't even think about
it the way we think about it look the cians were not drug users they just
bathed daily in Mists of cannabis um right that's the C and way
bra and um this kind of stuff I thought you know I was able to oh God I love it
let's keep going I went I watched Danny Jones what was that I didn't see it's okay keep going I watched Danny Jones
then came here from oh God thank you very much Oscar that's cool that's cool
isn't it nice nice job chewy okay let's do a couple more of these comments and then run a clip how about this one do we
take this serious I'm like five minutes in and this is like I don't know complete comedy drama horror I can't
stop watching you know I like this comment because you could just take um comedy change horror the tragedy and
you've got the two forms of classical drama right you say drama colon yeah
fantastic I love that bringing in all of the possessive elements and one more
happy steo is doing well come on seriously okay that's a
compliment by the way that's a huge compliment thank you very much Mr Mr uh
you know I'm G to judge who you are I love it bring it bring more give me the
first clip let's run the first clip and Neil I want your opinion on this and just boom one sentence it sucks or you
know whatever go ahead so what does this all mean everything you've learned everything we've talked about today all
the drug use and all this cult rituals in the ancient world what what are the uh what would the implications on the
modern world today if we were to be enlightened by this information yeah it
means our religious background is rooted in a guy that we
venerate and that guy was somebody who used
children he was involved with drugs um it's an um a mystery that was
nothing like going to church today at least I don't think it is maybe somebody's out
there but I don't think it's like that anymore and the fact is we have built a society based on a lie on a complete lie
and it's such a hypocritical lie because the very guy that you've vate I mean
dude he's arrested in a public park with a kid Danny if you got if you and I got
arrested in a public park with 12 kids what do you think we would be
yeah what do you think I mean um for people who think this is crazy and out
there I actually brought two sources I mean I have more comments that we can go through but since we're on this topic um
somebody reminded me somebody in my comment section when I shared this video right now to my people shout out to
Trent L little he reminded me of something I know you know about this I know you talked about this in the PGM in
book four um there an actual passage about the naked kid thing can I can I
pull that up um I have so I'm G I'm going to share screen and I just want to
real quick just go it's in the Greek Magic app I have it ready to go it's ready to roll right now and as soon as
you pull it up let me know okay can you see that all right I'll read it out to you and if it's if it's uh I I could
zoom a little go for it I I'm not even gonna put on my glasses read it to me here's what it says this is the English
translation of the Greek PGM 488 through 93 says another to Helios wrap a naked
boy in linen from head to toe then clap your hands after making him ringing
noise place the boy opposite the son and stand behind him and say the formula I
am Barbaro Barbaro m i pesc yaho Adonai Ela
Sabo by the way that's what Jesus said on the cross uh sabak koni
that's those are magical uh incantations and then it says come into this little
one today for I am Barbaro so shout out to Trent little and
the for bringing this to my attention I know we've talked about this verse before but it was perfect because it
reminds us this is not out what what Ammon is bringing to the table is out
there in the first century Greco Roman World of Magic um what what are your
thoughts on that and I have one more source that want to go to um the only thought I've got that's right in the
middle of my forehead is that that great Priestess night in the PGM is called the
pederast right so a lot of the magic that you see is going to have and uh
this pederasty and when you see that the gods you know Sab o right Y and all of
our you know regular gods that become Yahoo um though those people are there
right so this is not news to the world I mean it's not like new right they knew
about it back then it was happening and you know it's just the way things were that's the one that's the guy right
there and and it's good good on him and it's actually it's awesome to see other people uh that are looking into this
stuff and finding sources that line up that you could cross reference to so shout out to Trent little on that one
one more source that I want to pull up yeah and then and then I will go back to the comments but this is I think this is also relative we talk about Orpheus at
the end of his life Orpheus is the high priest of dionis he's the son of Apollo
he is he is the Theologian he gives the apocalypse these are all terms that come from Orpheus and this is what it says in
ID's metamorphosis at the end of his life before the manads are sent to tear
him apart it says in uh book 10 I think this is stunned by the double loss of
his wife orus was like that of a coward who saw carus the three-headed dog
chained by the central neck and whose fear vanished from his n with his nature as Stone transformed his body or like
olenus and you Lea too proud of your beauty he wished to be charged with your
crime and seem guilty himself once wetted Hearts you are now rocks set a
moist Mount Ida orus wished and prayed in vain to cross the sticks again but
the fairy man fended him off still for seven days he sat there by the shore neglecting himself and not taking
nourishment this kind of reminds me of how the state of Jesus was in at the in the garden sorrow troubled thought and
and tears were his food he took himself to lofty Mount rodop and hus swept by
the winds complaining that the gods of irus were cruel this is where it gets crazy three times the sun had ended that
year and water Pisces and orus had abstained from the love of women either
because things ended badly for him or because he had sworn to do so yet many
felt a desire to be joined with the poet and many grieved at rejection indeed he
was the first of the thracian people to transfer his love to young boys and to
enjoy their brief Springtime and early flowering this side of the manhood now
we checked the Latin before I don't we don't have time for that right now but there's a there's an argument we made that it says he plucks their manhood
during the early flowering that that this is not the correct translation but I'll let people uh look into that and do
their homework on that but yeah Orpheus is performing by the way the the thians
are known as the LCS they're by the black SE do you remember that account do you remember that account we read a
while ago um it was about a thran pirate
who abducted did a young boy and then cut off his his testicles while he was
sleeping and he talks about what a great transformation this is that he's brought
about and the kid and the kid is a new being and everything um um that's a th
you know that's the same we're we're just P pulling up contemporary sources
ID is written you know in the same you know roughly few decades before the
gospel start you know maybe 50 60 years but you know we're contemporary the the PGM contemporary with these are temp
contemporary texts to the gospels so we're showing you what was going on in other texts during this period very very
similar stuff look we are doing with seminarian uh instructors don't have the
wherewithal to do we're giving you the sources baby and all of this stuff all you Bible scholars you got to know about
this kitis you got to know about this stuff going on right okay boys of
Galilee are waiting let's go to the next comment let's see a couple comments I got comments you want to see
mine yeah let's see yours all right this is from Jane Dominic 666 this man is
bethat he is the Antichrist that comes before the Christ watch out
Danny itead that man is trying to butter me up
that's the kindest thing you could ever say that's what I thought you would say I thought you compliment no no but don't
worry um Danny um if you're watching
Danny a lot of people are praying for you Danny a lot of people I've brought
you a lot of people to pray for you like this go ahead let's see this one Jesus
Is God 3333 this guy is literally demon POS
demonic possessed my Catholic priests can come and exor him Danny this can
spread to you if you are not careful this is serious by the way I to find these comments all I had to do is keep
refreshing and look at the newest comments and I'd find something like this that's how easy there were so many
of these that we had to cut out a lot of them there was so many comments like this look this I found this from
refreshing it was six minutes old when I found it all right and then here's a couple that I found from
yesterday this guy seems to have spent his whole life to discover 5,000 years of cool conspiracy theories and bringing
them to light badass scholar of the ancient [__] 59 likes by the way the big
comments with the most likes are all positive so here's a whole chunk of positive stuff five minutes in on this P
one of the weirdest mfers I've ever heard with a smiley face 80 likes I am
psychologically Disturbed after watching this the next person says this guy is
amazing knowledge is power don't shoot the messenger not even done with this
video and I'm like WTF am I watching right now and then the last one on this
page is this guy will definitely seem strange to most people but I'm finding this absolutely
fascinating and so any thoughts on man that that makes me feel so warm
and fuzzy I love that e especially the ones that are it confuses you know it's
like what happened you know I mean yeah the you can see if you're to categorize
the different voices of responses that we get you get one group that's it's
almost like a thunder struck group and there's a group that's scared right they're the ones shouting this guy's a
demon this guy's got a demon they don't say he is a demon he's got a demon right
um okay so um look do we have can we
just here pop us both up big I want to ask Neil straight up straight up man
straight up um demon possessed guy wants
to know are we back in 1331 yet is it do
do you think we're there how close do you think what spark is it gonna take
for one of these people to set off the explosion right take that burn that body
you know what I mean 13 1300 s the fth 14th century is when you finally start
to see the trickling in of sources that are going back to the Greek for example
you get Flavio uh beond Flavio you get um broy and then makell is in the next
Century right after that and these PE and then plethon comes from Constantinople plethon rewired his
entire brain I'm reading about this guy plethon everyone needs to do their homework on him he saved civilization
dude brought the Renaissance he him and his wife not I shouldn't just say him
credit to his wife too they retrained their brains to stop learning Byzantine Greek and Latin and they started talking
and writing in classical adct Greek and they went back to the sources he rejected Christianity he loved Homer he
loved
helenismo to burn all his books because that's what happened to people like him he knew he saw it happen before him so
he had the smarts to decide I'm going to take all of my work and I'm gonna give it to someone who I can trust that's
gonna preserve it and he goes it to Venice and he brings this is where I said the Venice is where the oh I'm
sorry Florence everyone says Florence is where the uh where the Renaissance sprouted up
right he bring he goes to Florence and he gives all of his work to medich and says don't tell anyone that I gave you
this save it and get someone to trans it after I die or pass it down and you know
copy it into a new you know that's how they did it back then before the printing press he does that and guess what happens after he dies Gregory pamis
uh does in fact order the books to be burned and says this guy needs to be erased from history and they thought
they erased his books but they didn't they survived and then we get the Renaissance right after that you start
getting you start getting in the Renaissance you start getting paintings of Venus and bakus and Apollo again
they're bringing the image back into the consciousness of the human be of of civilization that's what yeah and
they're bringing with it Freedom they're bringing with it that that UNR that
unrestrainable freedom yeah love it that adamantine Freedom um love it um and the
fact that you would bring those Souls here you know just shows people look
this is a war right this is a war that we have had through time and we are
being hit by a wave that will take us back to the Dark Ages um if people can
watch how people are reacting you can you can read the psyche of what's going on hit the next let's see let's see Lady
babyon D is literally one of the greatest things I've oh fantastic where did it teach okay that's we'll look into
teaching and whatnot in just a second but let's see where where else this thing went in the mind of the people
give us the next couple boom yeah can't watch this demon now I think this is
serious I think it's serious I'm not sure give me the next one um we got to
put some purple on our right butes yeah
right right exactly okay at least somebody's following okay give me the
next one steo is academic brother I'm not I have no resemblance to steo I no
um would I let a snake bite my backside probably um
thank you for interviewing Dr am and his work is very important to all of us and helps us understand the word of our
prophets and the foundations of our modern religions that's nice that's nice plus it is Delight to hear of a world
where uh the goddess oh this is really why I put this up here was widely worshiped and women were celebrat
healers Scholars besides lovers right um gorgeous that's the kind of stuff when I
see that kind of stuff Neil and I realize people are they're seeing things that you know Inspire them that's the
only reason we're here and um those women uh I really wanted to emphasize
this more and more in satanic initiation but um I wanted to build that base of
modern women who saw the ancient woman that we're talking about and um would
say holy holy mackerel that's a that's a woman you know what I mean that's a she
will kick you in the you know oh god let's not get too into that before I get
out of hand give me another one give me look okay now what about these guys and I'm
gonna I want to know at now what I thought was funny and then I'll let you
um chime in is the fact that it's not just blasphemy Bob long we can have a
debate about who's long and whatnot but this is absolute blasphemy now Bob tell
me something what's the difference between blasphemy really and absolute blasphemy I mean blasphemy is kind of an
absolute thing you know it's kind of like o so it really it makes me think
Bob that you're just I mean just delighting you're just exalting in how
Blasphemous this thing is I appreciate it Bob what do you think Neil you know
Bob is he looks like he's a churchgoing conservative you know
cleancut guy and I think he defiled him I think he he heard some things and his ears weren't he doesn't have the ears to
hear so yeah yeah sorry about that man look in in all seriousness this is a
real reaction right people um there are groups of people that will say oh my God
I thought you were nuts but then I looked up what you were saying and it's actually there right that you're not
making the stuff up and yeah there's that group and then there's the group
that these people would rather burn you alive than even
consider um what you are saying right these are the ones who were throwing the blasphemy and remember just a few
hundred years ago an accusation like this from Bob could get the two of us
put into a prison right and torture yeah thank you Bob by the way the video
that I'm working on right now that I I have my script pretty much fully written already and I'm recording it now is
about the Dark Ages and so there's Carl Sean was famous Carl Sean the great
scientist of the last generation he was famous for he came out of a brand new
CBS show called The Cosmos and he said that we had all these great thinkers
like HIPAA and Archimedes and aatosan and they figured out the Earth's
circumference and all this [__] and then all of a sudden after HIPAA is murdered we go
into dark darkness for he's had a thousand years he got criticized for
that by Academia saying that's not that's not actually correct the Dark Ages really weren't as dark as we
originally thought it was actually a pretty good time the Christians were actually pretty cool it's like no F that
I'm making a video right now and I'm agreeing with Carl Sean and I think the number number one way we can test this
is the sources what can you compare ID and Virgil and Homer and Aristotle and
hpaa and uh and and uh uh Plato or or
phes or heraclitis parides all these different scientists from the ancient world what can you compare them to
between 500 you know I'll even let you have a whole Thousand Years between 500
and, 1500 all right so you can have Dante Dante was pretty good boethus was pretty good okay what else you
got that's it you cannot compare there's no classical sources you got to wait
till the 17th century before you start seeing Shakespeare and Francis Bacon forget about any listen there's a reason
why and this this author petrarch who I'm reading up on uh uh Renaissance
writer his name is petrarch he coined the term Dark Ages and the reason was he
literally says he doesn't say science and math or or Warfare or Logistics or
technology he says it's about the sources it's about the classical sources
and he's pointing exactly to what me and ammo were saying that's where the term Dark Ages comes from it's all about the
sources it's all about culture it's all about religion this stuff matters that's
what me and Amma are trying to do we're trying we're not trying to get rid of religion we're trying to trying to save it trying to make it a more of a what it
used to be like where where it's uh it's the Muse that inspires not a bishop in
some church that tells you what to think you can think for yourself that's Freedom it's an expression of the
self exactly know thyself right yeah exactly gorgeous I'm going let's go
together we put on the right robes we'll celebrate Bonas together I love that I was just reading today about the
Palatine Church uh excuse me the P the Palatine Library
and um how how it became what it was and when it was transferred from Another
Place Another Temple to the Temple of Apollo and etc etc and it was you know
it's strange because you're reading the history of this library and realize the Romans for the hot dwellers that the
Romans were um and you know they switched to Greek what do you think Marcus aelius did everybody's like oh he
wrote his meditations in Greek yeah because he did the same thing that you were talking about he put his brain on
Ancient Greek and it geared it up yeah yeah fantastic with pus same with dioris
same with plutar these are all Roman era writers they're all writing in Greek because that's the language you want you
want to write a classic that that wants that's going to be saved forever write it in Greek now oid and Virgil are
Exceptions there are great Latin writers especially in the Augustine age but let's get real the Greek is where it's
at notice all the scientific I will say this not notice you got the scientific
method coming out of Aristotle's well and then following him you've got
theophrastus with his botany right he's like the he's like the father of Botany
they call him right I mean um and all of these different scientific disciplines
including the mathematics including all the pharmacology oh my God and you go into the museum this period bleeds into
the museum in Alexandria and those guys those doctors there
ayrus all of the garans they have the most scientific technical group you can
possibly assemble at the time you don't find that in any other languages you
don't find it you don't find Calculus why because they're doing it with the at
the level that their language capacitates them to do you don't find that in Latin I'm sorry no for for
everybody who loves the ancient Romans you know and you like your you like to talk about you know so many people dying
in combat and stuff like that that's great but the language that they use
wasn't really capacitated for the Sciences right um but the Greek was and
the Greek had so overgrown the Mediterranean that Latin
never could then really develop when you read the Latin medical authors and compare them with the Greek it's night
and day it's night and day the Latin medical Works Neil are very very
practical if you see this do this and the Greek works are all about um this is
why the body works this way and this is what you're gonna have to do under these circumstances and you have to reason
through this and that and it's not really geared um Latin was not geared
towards botany they were still calling plants just you know poea Weare you know you know you know it's funny because
we're talking about Dark Ages and what or whatnot and what the term means and if it's a legit terminology and O I'm
sorry Galen and Aristotle were the two main science books of Western
Civilization from the second century you know so obviously Aristotle's centuries
before galin but Aristotle's work gets passed down and updated by people like
theopus as you mentioned and but it's still the Aristotelian Canon they're calling it
it's still Aristotle's name is all over it and they're updating it but then then G comes along and he writes all these
medical texts and then you have these two pillars of science Galen Aristotle and it stays that way all the way until
basically the enlightenment I mean you talk about the sources that I'm reading uh like broy
and these guys from petrarch and these people from the 1300s and 1400s and around the time of Fall of
Constantinople they're go they're cting gayin and Aristotle still as if it's as
if they're contemporaries they didn't update that stuff it just stays and the whole
Arabic the Arabic World speaking world is preserving all of the galenic text
yeah air style too yeah because they're trying and they're making libraries and
whatnot too that's where the libraries came and gayen was talking about one his Library got burned down or the storage
area that you know by the 10th Century after the 10th Century Plato was almost lost in the in
the Latin language he's only he only he only survives in Greek then they start translating Plato into Latin in like the
13th 14th century they even Plato they stopped the Latin language was D was
just like dumbing down in the west but the Greeks were preserving everything was very we're very lucky to have that
yeah medieval Latin blows people I know most class W won't admit that medieval
lighten blows it's like a step down from a step down um amazing work on interview
on it's absolutely amazing 101k views yay uh wish we had some kind of poo
views and the info is coming I so proud been taught by your achievement of a life oh that's fantastic
people W nobody paid nobody paid for any of this right nobody right you look
that's nice something nice said to somebody else what's so wrong what's so wrong with this picture I don't think
wrong give us a couple more comments and one more clip um actually by the way what was my prediction to you remember I
sent to you before before it went public I said this video is gonna have well I
actually predicted within the first day it'll have 45,000 views then I said within six months it'll have 1.5 million
views was my prediction I actually had to update that I think it's gonna be more than that because because you
already doubled my expectation for day one and now I have to double that I think you're gonna I think in six s
months from now we're goingon to be looking at a video with multiple millions of views you know you know this
the sniper in me um says bring it
on yeah love it I love that um I I hope that your dream comes true and we can
dance together um this is Bonet P do you notice now let's get a couple of more
couple more of these sayings the things people are saying because I want you to see the bach initiation go hit me a
couple of comments hit me a couple of comments um one of the most interesting podcast I've listened to okay look it's
peing interest what else Bill bur oh God Bill bur and mushrooms no it's not Bill
Burr and I'm not on mushrooms please please stop with the madness give me the
next one this is why the cult of Christ is dying okay people listen to this
listen to Odin this is why the cult of Christ is dying
it's sick culture it takes a classicist with Dennis Hopper's personality to
spread common sense I love that I love that look it's somebody who's standing
back and taking a look at what I'm saying and watching what's happening right that's that's self
investigation good for you Odin that's I give Odin what do you think Neil hey I I couldn't agree more
fantastic let's get some insults I need some insults cuz Odin's going to pump up
my head if playing over 1,000 hours of Fallout New Vegas has taught me anything
that this guy is 100 telling the truth about something I thought that was an interesting look you know look um a lot
of people slam uh video games right A lot of people slam them but aren't they just
kind of a modern novel yeah aren they yeah I I actually think there's the
there's the um possibility that the Muse can Inspire video game creators why not yeah exactly medium to interact with
exactly love it it's the aola the images right love it thank you thank you Elijah
Palmer love it give us the next one oh look at this one this guy is a living
demon do you think he's being serious there maybe maybe I mean I would be
surprised a lot of Christians think that people are are infested with demons now like they do think that I could be you
know what's funny I could be okay let's just say let's just put ourselves in the
you know let's assume Christianity is true right then maybe you are a demon okay okay number one number one
does it matter and if the answer we just assume it does we just assume it does
what do we do in this case is there a way to tell I'm telling you the future
because this is what they develop they develop a way to tell who you are when
you're possessed by a demon I love this this is so medieval it's gorgeous give
me another one last one and then we'll go to a clip oh is I just put this one up there for my ego right is this the
reborn Hunter can you believe somebody said that can you believe shame on you
Matthew where's the whip where's the whip shame on you
Matthew oh that was for me and Hunter Thompson oh genius Hunter Thompson is
genius right um I'm definitely not give me that that one uh we are truly living
in the end of this version of society when the wise the genius the fools crazy and the pious are all silenced and only
the wicked and the warmongers are allowed to speak he Blitz me I'd Blitz
you that's fantastic that sounds like something didn't you like that Neil it sound like
poetry to me it is that's very that's that's very that's a muse that's the Muse right there yeah love it love it I
love the fact that he talks about genius and this is what is so hilarious um you
were talking about pleon who he and his wife got into the boat of ancient Greek
and sailed off to brainville right I can totally sympathize with this
couple um because Neil I got to be honest with you um if I were to show you
my SAT scor you would not be impressed I am a person of average
intelligence average I wouldn't say I'm a dummy but I'm a person of average intelligence and I can how is it then
how is it that so many comments about genius it's hilarious to watch it happen
because it's not me um it's the Muse and she guides my work and if I need
something she opens it up right in front of me and finds it there's a
reason that every ancient poet in this Greek ocean starts by
invoking her there's a reason I want you to stop tonight and I want you to think
about the physics of what I am talking about when I look
into the reflection I see her standing next to me that's the
power of the Muse the power to reach out and that's what scares people it's not
me look at me come on seriously Dennis hper first of all I don't look like Den hper you wouldn't be scared of me no
one's going to see me coming and run right it's silly it's silly I don't know
your thoughts well you like you said like plethon and
his wife they're they're going to the text and we're going to the thing that
the what's the fabric the medium it is the language that's how you that's how
you express yourself so you can only we can only the Matrix that we're operating
in is only limited to how we can express ourselves so you isn't wait wait listen to that
listen to that with the Great IC informant it said because you just got informed listen to that it's the
language that's doing it he understands exactly what they said the same thing
it's that logos that's the power that drives the universe mother Greek is sexy
they knew they knew the gospels had to be in Greek they couldn't do it Hebrew that wouldn't the logos has to be Greek
but you know what I noticed is that you trying to explain out all of this stuff
to Danny in English is sort of where the problem lies that's where the Mis that's where the Mis misfiring is happening and
you would you double double down on that right you admit that's that's what it is
you can't we can't it's hard to even explain it without sounding crazy right
how do you talk about Jesus Christ arrested in a public park at 4:00 A.M with a naked boy without somebody going
oh what right I'm waiting I'm waiting for somebody to truly depict the scene
of The Garden of Gethsemane I'm waiting for somebody to have Jesus and a
Nanos and I want to see exactly what he's doing with that I wonder if the
word in the PGM in the Greek is syone I think it is syn oh that thing's used all
over andon as well and whenever they say Boone that means it has the purple in it
it's already Ed isn't that funny a lot of people are seeing the purple stuff
and they're like oh yeah fantastic by the way Al boy just did a bit on the um
the purple short segment on the purple because they found it in his backyard was it in your backyard old boy I don't
think so I don't think so it was somewhere it he went to it he took a taxi right okay oh [__] I got a message
from Danny oh fantastic I'm gonna send you a message on actually I can pull it
up I can pull it up he said but I can pull it up right now so it's a a comment
that he I didn't even read it yet I we're gonna both go into this blind all right okay but you go ahead and uh talk
while I pull this up oh okay fantastic um yeah what was the question that just
came up it was a good one ask about the sacred name of Rome I have said the
sacred name of Rome so many times so many
times right I've said it I've set it like Minds you'll hit it one of these
times and when you do you'll be like oh and it'll give you like this feeling you'll understand it's that's how you
use magic names right that's how you use those sacred Powers right this is what
the guys the priests Neil who know the exorcisms will hear what I am telling to
you and they will know that this is authentic that's real and that's why the
guy's saying hey Danny look out Danny you're gonna let's see if Danny gets possessed got I got the comment right
here all right so this is just by Danny just now he said from Kyle Glazier he says that the Dead Sea Scrolls were
originally written in Greek but I can't find anything that corroborate that claim most of the scrolls are written in
Hebrew with a smaller number of arama in Aramaic or Greek now look what's going on look what's going on okay they found
a pot with a bunch of stuff bunch of scraps and in those scraps was some
Greek and in those scraps was some Hebrew now the question is which is the original I can tell you
for a fact the original was the Greek I can tell you for a fact du to one reason
alone the technicality is too high you know what's funny about that too is that
um in the discrepancies between the mauretic and the
at kumran actually lined up more with the Greek and even in the Greek M even in the Greek version you have that yaho
name so there's like it shows that that was the oldest that or it's possibly that could have been an older missing
like whatever septent we have today had to go through this you understand what I'm saying that Mak sense you know
what's hilarious is that first um in the beginning God created the heavens and
the Earth and the Earth was without form and void and the words without form and
void in Hebrew are too W boho and too and boho sound like the exact same word
where you just flip the first consonant yes it's exactly what they are and they both mean empty here's the bad thing
neither of the Greek words means empty neither of them and they mean a much
more sophisticated one's a scaffolding imagine this the quantum scaffolding of the universe
right I'm talking 360 Degrees Quantum scaffolding that's what
the um that the Greek is talking about that
level of technical uh achievement isn't in the Hebrew the Hebrew it just says
empty and empty too waho right it's terrible and that's what
I'm talking about people are going to catch up you I'm telling you people the linguists will get into this what we
don't know when we find scraps one of them in one language and one of them in the other we don't know we don't know
which is which you assume it was the Hebrew because in the
second and third centuries on odomy that is the narrative that was used to help
prop up the idea that the Jewish judeo-christian God because the
Christians were complicit in this it's a what it is people is it's a lie of
History it's a lie to say the original document was in Hebrew is a Lie by the
way um you made a really good argument when we were talking with uh when we were talking with Derek and Kip the one
time with the Theo saase is a technical religious term it could mean either
religious awe it can mean Mania frenzy it can mean Superstition Theos saase God
inspired right um and you notice how that that term
shows up in the septu quite often but when you find it in the Hebrew side it
breaks down into two words it it'll say like God inspired or religious feeling
which means it would be kind of this is a really good point you were making it would be kind of hard to do where you
take two words like that and then Define it and then make it into a technical term it's like you're going backwards
instead of taking a technical term and translating it as God inspired in the Hebrew that was a good point you made
it's it's obvious that it's an attempt it's an attempt for the language that is
not powerful to grasp at the language that is powerful and um it's just a
matter of time before people see that and it kind of blows the whole myth you know just like oh my God you mean this
is not how no the earliest we have of Moses is the third century and it's in Greek bro just the way it is Embrace
embrace your Greek your your Greek linguistic Heritage right embrace it you
right if you don't embrace your reality um that's why I think satanic initiation
is so important I just want to say one thing about that that's really you just said people don't realize this okay
Homer when was when did Homer live I don't know 8th Century BC something like that well guess what you we have you can
look this up for yourself look up the cup of Nestor it's an archaeological find of a
cup that has Homer inscribed in it quoting Homer Nestor is one of the home
characters of The Iliad his cup is part of the story there's a cup and on the cup is writing from Homer and it's dated
to exactly the time where Homer's living in so Homer was famous whatever they
wrote that they made this cup some probably Prince had it somewhere who knows whatever the story is the point is
we have archaeological uh evidence physical evidence that you could touch in your
hand that quotes Homer from the time that Homer lived now Moses on the other hand they say he live in like the 14th
century BC do you find any archaeological evidence mentioning Homer any Egyptian
records mentioning Homer no um the first time Homer's ever or I'm sorry not Homer
Moses first time Moses has ever mentioned in any sources is in the 300s
BC 320 around there right around the time when Alexandria is being built too by Hackus of abdera before that Moses
has never mentioned and it's so bad that when you have the Jews living in elephantine down in Egypt they fled
there after the year 597 and they stayed there all the way until the year 410 that's when you stop
seeing papy from that period in that City and in the all that time from 597
to 410 No Moses no Abraham no um Noah no
David nothing it's like the text it's like the Torah never existed to them that makes no sense at
all right I I had somebody today right in note that said um I asked chat GPT
which is kind of cool I give him that um but chat GPT said um we have written
Hebrew sources from the seventh century um of these sacred texts that are the
Bible no we don't no we don't no we don't that doesn't right Chad GPT let
me false objectively false Chad GPT on your
buttocks oh god it feels you know what probably whoever said that probably didn't understand what T was say they're
probably talking about the melli the melli doesn't mention Moses or or any of those it mentions the kings that lived
in Israel no one's saying that they aren't real people no he he was saying the Books of Moses and stuff like that
there prophets they only back dat like that because um they it has to be um
earlier on than they than these documents are actually coming from right right it's amazing you know to date the
septu agent you get you get you know Danny Jones asked me a good question he saidhe um can we confirm this stuff
basically is what he told you what he asked me excuse me um and um my question
my answer is yes yeah right all you need are classicists all you need are people
who are trained in Greek to look at these texts that's all what's the Style and what period is it they can date it
for you and when they look at it and see what you and I have been looking at you know it's just you know it's a they'll
catch job we're just you know a few years ahead that's all let's get um another clip let's see critique this
clip uh Neil the uh give give me some insult give it most importantly what I
want to draw people to is I bring these sources out there in lady Babylon and um
yeah it's my final portrait and um I hope that you know I hope to that people
will be able to appreciate the museum again that people will worship and honor the Muse cuz that's what our society and
our our gorgeous democracy our gorgeous democracy is built on that and I want to
preserve that do you think everyone knowing this stuff and the and basically I mean I if if people accepted this
truth that you claim do you think that that would be a benefit to humanity to know this truth
yeah just like and for the I I assume that um practicing religions would
collapse right and and cuz who would want to if you knew that Jesus was would
you really go right would you want to be involved would you want to give your how do you think it would benefit our
society uh freedom I had a man Freedom yeah comment Neil yeah no uh
like like I said then that this this access to this information will give people the freedom like you said to
choose to follow something that they were lied lied to about and or and it
doesn't necessarily mean the religious religion will collapse it just means we need to restructure what people think
about religion and what were the what was religion in the time of the linian Mysteries like what's what can can we
bring that back what about the S Mysteries what about the frian Mysteries what about the Roman Imperial call the
mithraic Mysteries what about all this other stuff that was going on in this time period give people those options
again we got it you know the Romans had that Cult of Diana it NE nimi and the
priest that was going to take over for Diana um would have to kill the outgoing
priest and I I think I see some wisdom in that because if you leave
Jesus in power if you leave him in power if you just say well we can reform this
you still have a dude who was arrested at 400 a.m. with a naked kid you still
have that guy um leading the charge and I think that's what the church has done
for many many years they've tried to kind of just plaster over Jesus so he's
nice you know look at him that guy wouldn't hurt anyone right he's always ran you didn't see the Jesus who is
there right um God I I hope somebody can can make or the one in Revelation
remember you and I did a whole video on gangster Jesus yeah yeah yeah I that's a whole different Jesus that people don't
talk about where he's coming with the and he's saying that he what did he say about the girl at the in the bed or
something that he had remember that part he said I took the put the girl and put her in the bed put her in the bed yeah
oh yeah for those adulteries that she you know what he's Yahoo's watching a
sex tape you know what I mean that he's constructing himself with his mind seriously who wants to follow this guy
right this is the guy who didn't know if you put the best looking dude in the
party with the drugs what do you think's going to happen with Eve what do you think's going to happen bad idea the
groom can never be better looking you cannot have a Henry Caville um standing
next to you when you're getting married you know what I mean you can't it's just it's counter productive right you know I
mean all the love gets sucked out right oh God I love that let's go to couple
comments and then couple more I won't keep you too long because I didn't want to keep people that long um here's a guy
who says blank spirituality which I didn't and a life of
introspection which I didn't instead pursue some dirty word all day oh is
that intercourse probably and all day and blast your brain cells with unrelenting stream of chemicals
naturally the video responses are mostly hell yeah this guy's genius oh first of
all it sounds like somebody's little jelly second of all second of all I don't say
Blast Your Brains now look look I'm I'm gonna have to tell people right I'm
going to have to tell them there are ways in this world there are powers and
don't think that I don't harness those powers do you understand but we follow a
cyan way right everybody what who are you followers of you know what I mean um
yeah I love that streaming chemicals don't bombard your brain with a stream of chemicals don't do that unless you
know um those chemicals will help capacitate and bring you to health and
whatnot and in that case you know bombard I wanna I got I want to pull up
a verse real quick if you don't mind just want to say I just want to point something out this is what I'm this is what so for anyone who didn't know what
I meant by that this is this is from the mouth of Jesus himself he saysi have
this against you you tolerate that woman Jezebel who call herself a Prophet by
her teaching she misleads my servants into sexual immorality and the eating of food sacrific to Idols I have given her
time to repent of her immorality but she is unwilling so I will cast her on a bed of suffering and I will make Those who
commit adultery with her suffer intensely in unless they what the hell
where where did Jes what happened to Jesus letting the adulterer go what what happened to that Jesus he's throwing out
a bed of suffering yeah so it's like you know those right-wing Christians they got a point dude Jesus isn't the whole
lydy guy you all thought you know what I mean yeah there's a little bit of disad in them you know what I mean there's a
little bit and you can see that it manifests itself in the Evangelical psyche now we're now we're drinking
Souls baby right the Evangelical psyche right imagine um you get up in front of
a group and you tell them hey half of you go home
[Laughter] okay thanks thanks
submit my wife will submit to me it's that mentality it's the mentality of no
more show me mommy you know it's that thing right
that was a that was a color what was that called Violet something or other
yeah you guys will pick it up that's what I'm talking about that's what we're facing is that kind of blue velvet thank
you thank you chewy chewy knows her Cinema history oh that's that that's from that one director yeah yeah blue
velvet yeah yeah I know what you're talking about yeah um that was a was that a Scorsese I think it was a
Scorsese somebody correct us if we're wrong on that one but you know I'm just
trying to invoke um you know uh no David Lynch that's what I thought I I knew was
a David Lynch okay give me a couple more comments Neil let's do these quick because I put too many don't drugs kids
nice give me I'm going to give us couple in a row obviously the DNA of Dennis Hopper there I am that's the blue valit
yeah and steo was combined in a laboratory and the resultant organism obtains its energy not through ATP but a
crystal meth cycle oh my god listen somebody said I want to ask
Neil a serious question okay take down that silly comment take that down um
Neil I want to ask you somebody said there were a lot of comments about my voice and somebody said I was doing
things with it somebody said that it was bothering him and they just couldn't it was just they had to leave the
room um yeah something about something about my voice that was you know doing
something right um what do you think do you think it's uh how do I I think the
uh the demon possession was getting to them I think remember like the like the
how you hovered in the room and over the I think that was happening to them maybe
right right yeah I thought it was pretty normal to me so maybe that's just maybe
they just having a different reaction than me maybe I'm immune to the demons and they're
not all right wait we're back to our our Tha experiment so if I am
demon-possessed I should have some kind of power right and can can we assume
that being able to talk in two different voices at once is a is a thing to go you
know you can speed it up and you can tell right um who said I was an alien
seriously did you see that there's a conspiracy going couple of people said were're you know he's obviously one of
those aliens and in his earlier pictures is his head is co conical he's got alien
accent even and by the way for the people who said I was from England I'm not and not that that would be bad um I
just I'm not I don't know how you could be more American in your accent than
what I've got going on um so all of those comments I'm wondering what do we
do with those because you know that's not content and it doesn't matter right those it's just people who are I don't
know you know reacting the the thing that I think we do with that Neil is
that we um we use it like radar look at what the people out there
are thinking right flash them with a little sonic wave and it comes back to
you and how do they react and you can see how some people react some
people all people have programmed responses so when you are initiating so
I'm addressing my satanic congregation now when you are in initiating you will
be dealing with very specific types when you try to wake somebody up to the
reality of Jesus with little kids right you're gonna have certain cases
certain types of people give me a couple more let's look at we only have a couple more look at look at what we've got um
how could oh watch this okay Neil this one I want um I didn't get to ask you my
personal question question but I I'll ask him in a second um look at this one how could Marcus aelia successfully
campaign for most of his life and then spend much of the rest writing about stoicism if he was high on the Opium
most of the time wait a minute wait that is that didn't follow if you're on opium you can
be a stoic all day long because that's what it takes to be a stoic you need to be calm and chill and your heart rate's
got to be down that's what a stoic is a stoic is able to anything's thrown at you you can handle like you a lot of
opium will make you a stoic exactly exactly cheat code for being a
stoic is being on opium yeah they ran opium to the Spartans once in order to
because they were all using it you know what I mean and they all were fighting battle so they were wounds and stuff
like that um yeah if you have an endless supply of opium you can be the best stoic in the world all day yeah and and
remember this is opium that's not been culated into heroin right so it's going
to be a right it's going to be a different this is not a an opium den Marcus really isn't sitting on his side
and dreaming all the time no no he's using it in a way to capacitate um himself rather than to to
himself to understand what it takes to be a a a stoic you have to understand
that the mind of Zeus that's the logos is in control and whatever that logos's
will is is what's going to happen and you don't have any control over it so you have to accept it and play your role
whether you're a slave or you're a pevan or you're a equestrian Warrior or farmer
or a king you play your role that you were granted by the mind of Zeus you do
it without complaining that is what a stoic is oh doesn't it sound like an opium thing
sounds if you have opium you're gonna be a great stoic feel good I love it I love
it now look at the last sentence just because the text is ancient does not mean it isn't a forgery or it's content
isn't salacious fiction now wait a minute I'm we're talking now do you see how ridiculous this is this dude steps
up into the ring and I'm gonna take away a sword and I'm gonna shove it somewhere
right I'm dude who is this Jeremy dude
let me just tell you something we were talking about gayen and he is writing about
prescriptions for Marcus aelius noting that he has to adjust the dosage of
opium upwards because Marcus rius is becoming accustomed is how they
expressed it accustomed to the drug right this is not salacious fic this
can't be salacious fiction I'm talking science I'm talking science Jeremy wake
up and have your ch popped wow that's amazing get out of
here pull that kid's corpse out of here give me the next one oh God Alan should write a book someday somebody just told
me I should write translate the Bible um again Christian for many decades oh this
is somebody who's been there and who's been in it I love these types of responses because look there's a
psychology out there of people who have been pulled into um the Christian
machine right or the monest machine the Jewish Orthodox machine the Christian
machine the Islamic fundamentalist machine the Taliban machine all of the
monism right those sucked them in and you can get out you can escape you can
take your burka off and you can run around right I love that I love that
when people write to me and say that that is the pure Soul suck that is the
oh you know you've communed you know what that is that's that a demania right there that's that stoic virtue of of
being ha being having that a Dem Mania that breaks up into good dayon but it
really means happiness yeah oh God that's I see in that comment right there there's a stoic right there speaking of
stoicism topic that's a sexy way to talk I love that Neil give me the next one um
kindly but realistically and energ Ally the video oh this video is a
portal this man is a portal and are you sure you want to spread this energy
Danny Danny what does your gut say please follow it oh you can see this
this nighting Gale oh God this is who is this this is impress this is impress
Oracle Danny impress Oracle wants to save you she wants to save you you Danny
can you believe the psychology a portal what okay let's just
assume she's right what kind of poort what does she mean like is that why my bathroom stinks sometimes or you know is
is that why I can't explain what the droppings are in the backyard some portal open up some you know some sewage
just flood in or something what the seriously H how I supposed to take this
Neil well in a way she's right you kind of are bringing a portal to the ancient world you're saying look here's the
ancient world we forgot about it through the Dark Ages we lost his information but I'm here to Enlighten everybody and
get and so yeah it is a portal we are we're we're opening up a portal to ancient Athens and ancient El elus and
and Rome and uh and Alexandria so yeah it is a portal yeah definitely
definitely I want to go back to that mystery that Jesus was involved in that's what I want I just want to land
there in Gethsemane and I want I want to see that naked kid standing there with Jesus and be like just for one minute
have the have the Insight say what what if you couldn't bring your phone though so no one would believe you that would
Su or if you just have one snapshot you have to get
it what are you what are you GNA do right you or you maybe you dro po your
phone or something you leave it there or something right I don't know come I saw everybody and they're like where's the F
like [__] oh man I guess I'm demon possessed again hit
it go ahead hit the clip next one um and then there was the inquiry the formal
inquiry and it was two I'm told it was two charges number one was demon possession which personally I think
that's pretty cool that's pretty that's pretty metal no it is yeah number number two it was I was opening
portals to where I don't know but do you think I
would be a Catholic can you find this is this is this published anywhere yeah it
is I got to finish them so people can have a little sympathy for me I was
fired after the production of the Meda it was wildly successful people said it was the best thing that ever produced
right but I had I had Furious choruses of Catholic University students po
pointing what yes they said they wanted it
accurate so um two things people uh talk about they don't like that there was so
much censoring right they don't like that Danny had to bleep it you know what I mean so that's interesting right
there's a group of people out there who you know are sensitive to that free
Danny's defense in Danny's defense he wasn't trying to censor you because he wanted to he just
wanted to make sure that the video didn't get uh brought down by the YouTube
algorithm right if anything he freed you up in a certain way yeah no no no that's
exactly what I thought um he did that he has to dance that dance or um he's not
goingon to get on and I video would not be as many views as it has if he would if he just would have dropped the way it
was it would so bad yeah no no totally totally
reasonable totally reasonable not and and and in his defense as well he's there you have the option if you want to
go and get the the full gritty version it's out there you know yeah yeah if you
want the full dirty movie go buy it right go buy it yeah yeah and for those
of you who don't have the money look I'm poor for those of you who don't have the money um to do that look at what I'm
saying you can see what I'm saying you don't need you don't it you know I mean they left it available enough that we
can figure out what it means right you know what I mean so um I thought it was great that he laughed in the background
um Steve I don't know if you caught it but you can hear Steve laugh in the background um over the demon possession
thing but I I want you to see that this is happening again and again this is
part of the initiation there is a static that you will rub up against and that
static produces this demon possession thing right so um it's pretty cool I
think it's I think it is metal to be honest give me the last uh clip sweetie
yeah um nobody is above no nobody's above the Democracy nobody's above your
reason nobody's above the mind that you've been given and that nature is
your is your mom and um the mystery brings you to a place
where you know who you are that's what it said on the Temple of Apollo it said know yourself
no know yourself right so yeah I think it there would be a renaissance and I
would love it I would love it but you couldn't worship Jesus Anymore you couldn't take the communion way to bring it back full
circle with what we've been saying this entire time yeah yeah yeah no communion
brother there's no communion anymore cuz how can you right I mean think about
your morality if you woke up tomorrow and you found out Jesus Christ was a
basically history's kind of awful rotten criminal dude who um was turned into a
power power moving moneymaking um institution that
influenced history and the development of Western Government you know what I
mean how could you who who is it was it Maki you were reading the other day Neil that said um Christianity screwed up
classical civilization who was that makavelli he that's the that's from discourses on Livy you can go in there
read about what he thinks about Christianity and Roman religion he thought Roman religion was had a better
understanding of Nature and stuff like that and it gave people something to look forward to every month every month was a new Festival the hararia festival
the floralia festival these different Apollo games came in the summertime every every every month and then
Christianity is like oh we have Easter and we have Christmas and that's it it's like and then you have to have lent you
have to fast like all there no one want no there nothing to look forward to um
but the point was look you had makii points this out that religion is really
the the the culture that that that keeps civilization gives it a purpose gives it
some glue to give everybody something to to be connected with um and it's not it
wasn't just him either all these different Renaissance writers were pointing this out they're saying we live in a time where atheism is on the rise
people don't believe in this religion anymore because it's just pure Dogma it's like forcing you to think whereas
the old mystery religion didn't really do that you kind of had to have your own
path that you're on you kind of you got to be initiated or you're not initiated it didn't really matter there's nothing
forcing you to do anything you know yeah could you could you imagine opening your
eyes to a reality when you've been in this comato state and you thought what
was going on was real and suddenly you wake up to that reality that lifegiving
spark is what drove these ancient Mysteries and bringing somebody somebody
to that Awakening was their ionic salvation it it makes me wonder
if we could understand who Jesus actually was we were like everybody just
um puts it down yeah looks like there's too much evidence um he's he's a kind of a creep and he was involved in child
prostitution and um drug use um drugging children um and involving them in Acts
that were um of a cultic of a sexual cultic uh bent um if we could all agree
to that and come to that point you know Danny asked me this question what
happens what's the is that a good thing and my answer to him was really um
inside of my head I didn't say it out very good but inside of my head it was
resounding yes um it's always better to pull toward reason it's always better to
those natur natural gifts that we have um that logos that we have should compel
us toward reason and not toward faith
and you you even see that dichotomy you see that struggle with Paul he's like
you Greeks you're all about your science right you got to be about faith right
it's the person struggling to convince somebody that what they're reasoning is
wrong and they have to accept something that isn't natural right that isn't natural the the
the real judge for Antiquity was what was natural right all of these drugs and everything all of these acts that are
going on you know sex is natural that's why they're using it in the rights and
um yeah it's it's a world that you don't even realize is there I was just reading
two days a three days ago you know um Danny had to had to pull things you know
had to cover up certain acts and whatnot but I was just reading two days ago people have asked me um what about the
um virgin breast uh transformative drug and I just came across another example
of it in gayen um and uh and the boy
who's been uh who's been uniz is there as well um treatment of that area after
making boys Unix for for the sake of um Sac sacred worship when you brought up
that source to Danny about when they throw the testicles in the house and then whatever house it lands in that
their job was to go and get some women's clothes to bring it to them that's actually so well documented that even
Christian sources write about that you have that in ferus you have that in uh a couple other sources I have that's a
that's there's mad sources for that it was going on all the way into the fifth century until theodosius
yeah and notice they don't have any exemptions right you cannot object to
that for a kid throwing his testicles into your living room it's okay it's time to get the women's clothes out
objection you don't see people sitting around saying well that's the most unnatural thing I ever seen in my Loop
right you don't see any of that kind of thing and you think well my God these are Romans and Greeks and they're
embracing this yeah they are hararia Festival which was there during that last week of March when that went down
was one of the biggest festivals in the entire Roman Empire all the way down in Egypt all the way in Rome all the way in
friia they were doing it everywhere so this was a huge event that everyone knew about wasn't just some random one-off
thing that happened one time this was a thing that happened for 200 or more than that started in 200 BC when they
imported Magnum maer and it goes all the way up until the fifth century when you the Christian authors are still writing
about it so you have like 700 years of that going down as part of the culture that's crazy that's a big deal yeah yeah
it's foundational it's foundational put the let's go through the last of the
comments I got a funny verse from Paul gohe go ahead pull this up real quick this just makes me laugh Paul is trying
to sell Christianity and he's in Thal or he's in Athens right and Paul's now he's
with the big boys now and it says Paul was waiting for them in Athens he was greatly distressed the city was full of Idols so he reasoned in the S so he
reasoned in the synagogue with both the Jews and the God-fearing Greeks as well as in the marketplace and those happened
to be there a group of epicurian and stoic philosophers began to debate with
him some of them asked what is this babbler trying to say others remarked he seems to be
advocating foreign gods they said this because Paul was preaching the Good News about Jesus and the resurrection then
they brought him to a meeting of the aegus where they said to him may we know
what this teaching is that you're presenting you are bringing some strange Notions to ideas to our other one says
Notions to our ears we would like to know what they mean and then it says all the Athenians and foreigners who live
there spent their time doing nothing but talking and listening to the ideas um but it's what makes me laugh can I just
say look at that look at that can I just say he's in a place where the people not only they have they have schools of
philosophy ERS but they have people who are willing and ready to engage in
discussions oh God that's what could be more beautiful than that Athenian you know Democratic Heir and it's funny as
they're like What's this babler talking about then it ends with this ends this is hilarious when they heard about the
resurrection of dead some of them sneered and others says we want to hear you again on this subject uh some of
them followers some of them believed among was Dian Isis so like basically he he just gets like shut down they're like
this is weird like all right that's enough of that bye it's like it's just so funny how that I don't know that
story makes me laugh when I hear it I don't know what it is give me the laugh that sounds like the Athenians that
sounds exactly what the Athenians would do they would go huh tell us about this let's let's see here then they go okay
that's enough of that goodbye and notice that was it the areopagus the hill of Mars where they um conduct the the
earliest Athenian Court was from the areopagus oh yeah um and uh Paul quotes
right so he goes to that thing and he quotes um uh the uh epines quote that
was originally given by media Paul quotes it right right there because um
he's got some exposure to that literary culture of the Greeks and that's why
when people why when people say that they found pots and there's Greek um and
Hebrew that's why you know those are Hebrew you know what's circulating Greek Greek is the literary language Hebrew is
not right it's not it's not built for it it's not capacitated for it Greek is but
don't worry the Roman scientific stuff blew it totally blew I know people love lucretius and they're like oh the nature
of things that blows compared to Aristotle okay I'm sorry I I say what I think but give me the last couple quotes
and I want Neil there were a couple funny ones here just get give me a oh WTF I want bro did he just say
Jesus touched little boys and was sipping on the Venom I kind of feel
weird if I write his name I just yelled at my laptop 500
times because he's convincing okayed that guy's possessed dude
dude whatever you're taking okay fantastic they said I was taking
something what are you talking about you guys in the audience you're taking things go give me that one this guy
definitely works with the Jin what did you think about that well I guess if you want to talk about uh the Arabic
translation of demon I guess Jin is the word you go with right yeah I I like the
fact that it's the idea that you can manipulate like the the Jin is there you know and there's certain things you g
rements that can be made and Etc I don't know I kind of like that that's where you get the genie from right Genie yeah
right right exactly I want I want a bottle give me the next one too weird oh by the way're on the
topic of Genies um there's an Arabic text from the I don't know 700s something like that maybe 800s and it
talks about an ancient ruin and they in this ancient ruin they found all types of genie bottles and
gold and diamonds and jewels and then they find a text and it says written in
old ionian characters that's what that's how they describe it old ionian character it's
Psalms it's not Hebrew it's the book of Psalms and it's written in Old ionian Char Greek isn't that crazy no it's not
crazy because Psalm is a Greek word not crazy at all exactly what David does or
not D it's exactly what orus does he plays a samoy yeah museus it's a song meant for a harp
that's what it means yes exactly did you know that song you know Moses is is
museus is a songwriter right so that's why you get people ask sometimes why do you have songs of Moses right because
when Moses's character was invented they were doing it based off the Greek museus
who was a poet that's why that's why so many that's why a lot of Scholars and myself included say that the the nature
of of early Judaism whatever you want to call it septu agent Judaism is orphic by
nature because it's all it's being performed as songs you get the Psalms you get the Proverbs you get all these
and it's all written in a Cadence it's like that's what that's how the orphic texts were written and by the way the
orphic texts were called apocalypses were called Revelations correct orus was called the Theologian all the technology
all the same technological words that you get in judeo Christianity you find in Al Andria in the oric literature yeah
why don't people listen to that Neil why don't people listen to of them do some
of them do Jam Char James Charlesworth is a big big time Bible scholar he's
written about this subject so it's out there it's just not like not you just just not fully absorbed yet it's just
it's just starting to get out there which is a good thing though yeah I think if we look at the underbelly and
we bring out all the underbelly I think people will start I want people to investigate why Peter James and John can
get away with killing ananas and saf and you say well wait a minute no the Lord smot them okay find that works on your
fairy tale level but Antiquity was real history right so I want to know how the
hell they got away with that I understand they convinced their own followers that ananas and saf would be
in Greedy and keeping gold out of their pockets so God smoted them I understand
your acolyte who is a monest your monest acolyte can be trained to believe
anything right so um I understand them but the people around him weren't the
weren't the pagans standing around weren't they like Jesus did you see those those Christians killed some of
their own people right uh you know don't we get the authorities involved it makes me wonder
were some of those crucifixions some of that stuff I'll bet you was legitimate you know what I mean like pet
Peter may have gotten what he deserved if you don't follow the fairy tale if you follow the reality it is Peter James
and John killing two people to make a lesson to the acolytes who are nuts that
if they don't do something they're going to end up like that glory be to God and
um we stand around we look at that it's just like Jesus with his young disciples
with his young boys we look at that and we don't it doesn't penetrate our brain we see the fairy tale that the that
Christianity is very carefully is very carefully plastered over and oh I love
it the chance to be able to get to tell people this um is our privilege and our
honor Neil and it's a privilege and honor to have um your fellow um
warriorship and uh working with you and tell us real quick about what you're
going to be doing over the next because I want to hear your art like give us a glimpse into the studio video the next
video I'm coming out with is a it's kind of an anthropology video having to do with the what is religion the history of
religion going back I I'm um I'm quoting from petrarch and broy and uh macavelli
what they thought about it at their time period when they were starting to wake up from what seems like some sort of
hypnosis that came over the West for 800 years at that point in time plethon uh
and I'm going through the you know the atmology of the word religio in Latin and then in Greek eia you know and
there's always different words of the there's patas there's fedis uh all these
different words that we would consider to be where we get our word religion from and it's the it's the oath that you
take it's the awe of the frenzy it's the Devotion to the gods obviously and it's
the it's the community of like elus for example so there's a lot of different
factors it's not just one thing it's not just I go I go to a church religion is Christianity or Judaism that's a way
dumb down fixed way to look at religion whereas religion is more about the cult
the culture where we get the word culture from and that's what I'm getting into it's very anthropological it's going through a lot of history but it
also is going to shake things up because I'm calling some people out some of these modern day religious Scholars that
are full of [__] you'll see Dan mclin's one of them I wasn't say that but I just I just
slipped sorry no no uh Neil you have to you have to take the LI of reason you
know what I mean and let me something real quick I'm just gonna give you one little one little I wasn't gonna say
this I was going to wait on this because I don't know how I want to argue this point but this guy wrote an article
about what is religion and he tries to define religio the dmy of the word he picks
three random sources where the word religio is used he picks plotus s Cesar
and cisero now if you go to Perseus tus we call it Ellis you'll see he left out
about 80 other ones so why did he choose those three well they happened to align
with what his argument was he Cherry picks the data that's wrong you don't do that you don't go into uh uh you don't
go into research saying here's what I want to be true now let me find all the data to fix that that's what Dan was
doing in this article so and then he ignores the entire atmology of the word
AIA which is the Greek word for religion he doesn't even talk about that and how
you going to ignore the whole Greek side of where we get our religion from how are you going to just go right to the
laat and then pick three words he's he's in trouble for this the way he defines
monotheism is problematic in my opinion he is uh selectively deciding that
monotheism is just one thing depending on how judeo Christianity looks at it
he's ignoring the monism the presocratic he's ignoring Plato he's ignoring middle platonism he doesn't know what he's
doing it it it seems to me this guy doesn't not know what he's doing he shouldn't call himself a scholar of
religion he should just call himself a scholar of the Hebrew Bible that's all he knows anyways that's that's for now
what's what's strange what's I find strange about that is to use three sources like plotus and Cicero and
Caesar and to assert something about religia the religion and when you use
that word you're talking about old Roman old Roman rights and what is what is
floating in Jesus's helenistic environment is actually the as you said
the ELA and that's why they're running around talking about Sabah and sabath
because they sabba means to worship it means to recognize those divinities
yeah he's even in the wrong stream right he's in the wrong stream from the
beginning now now you see why I'm having such an issue with this I had I had to rewrite my script because I had to I go
hold on a second this is bad this is really for someone to call it for this is an awardwinning scholar who just won
an award for public he won an award for public facing academic yeah and you you're calling yourself a scholar of
religion you don't even know what religion means right that's like a a that's like a physicist who doesn't
understand who who's never read uh uh Einstein and then just like just going
off on just some random book they read on on on Twitter or something some [__]
that's not a phys you're not a physicist dude stop calling yourself that the the other level of depth that you can tell
about the person is um you can tell that um when somebody just looked at a
definition of a word and without having read like I doubt that Dan actually reads plotus no I I I doubt that very
seriously I'm I'm a helist but I also had to master Latin as well and I can
tell you for a fact that plotus is not easy um plotus is drawing upon some
older archaic Latin right right now it's only from you know it's not that far back um because those Hut dwellers they
weren't that advanced but um the the fact is you know Dan doesn't read Dan
doesn't sit around reading plotus and that's what it takes Neil that's what it takes people are this is a good
transition because people are asking me what about um the teaching and what about bringing us in I want to learn
greatek this requires a commitment when you were reading texts every day you
were developing a kind kind of a a second sense or feeling you can kind of
feel the Greek stretched around you you feel where that cozy spaces and you only
get that by charging through these texts all the time if Dan's reading a [__] ton of plotus then you know what we ought to
do is bring that forward if he's playing a Garian game right not even a good
Garian game like a Byzantine Garian but like a modern Evangelical
or you know large Church whether it's Mormon or Jehovah's Witnesses or
whatever any of them right any of those monest um it's it feels like he plays
that game um and that's disingenuous man if he's not out there reading plotus
right if he doesn't know Cicero and why it is that cisero is so enamored of the
Divination of the atrans um you know don't tell me right
oh God I'm sorry yeah you get in my goat where's penelopy did you bring Penelope tonight let's flash penelopy in the Holy
Name Of Everything sacred please consider this cross and what it covers
the multitude of sin and that sin Penelope is gorgeous it's gorgeous sin I
have to admit but thank you P thank you for coming tonight um Neil is there I'm
going to give you the last comment and then I'm going to hail Satanist out oh so if you if you enjoyed that uh
interview that you did with d with Danny um first of all definitely share it to
somebody because we need this to go viral um if you you know if you're gonna
let it play on your computer while you're going in the other room give it some more watch time get that thing out there write another comment in it there
hit the like button get that thing up there and by the way uh I'm following it
up with my own talk that I already had with Danny which is being edited right now and check this out it's it's almost
like a part two because the first qu qu Danny was so shook up from talking you
he had to ask me questions on what I thought about all this stuff so immediately the whole first hour of our
discussion was about your discussion so it really is like a perfect part two so
you got to stay tuned and watch that part as well you'll see we go right back to the sources again we talk about Jesus
and the boy in the garden it's all going to be there even me um so you'll enjoy it I also talk about some early dirty
Christian sources like the borit and Mary being T this is part of the borite
Gospel that Mary gets taken up onto a h a mountain with Jesus and he says in
order to make it to the kingdom of heaven you have to you have to drink my my load you know what I mean I don't want to say the word this is in the this
is in the borar right gospel and so we we went through those sources the purple
how the Marcus megus got charged with putting purple psychedelics in the
Eucharist in Rome and then we found out that his his sect of Christianity the marosan was the biggest spreading
Christian group it was all the way in France so the the early Christians were
dirty as hell and we know this the sources reflect it I brought that to the table and you'll see that's coming up
whenever whenever Dan's ready on that he'll probably he might have it up next week two weeks who knows whatever but he
he is so good he should be given you you should be like hey um Danny don't you
know like take your time bro take your time yeah hell yeah whenever it's ready it's ready yeah yeah yeah loved it loved
it um it was an honor and I want to uh give him a last salute tonight I want to
give him the last salute and say thank you Danny I appreciate um the fact that
you would um give a place for people to be able to discuss what everybody is
immediately going to condemn and everybody's immediately going to say no this is not the way it is and it's oh
you're going to hell and oh God thank you Danny I appreciate it for all the
for all of Danny's Christian audience um who you know may have been
offended at the idea of Jesus Christ arrested with a naked boy who had
his private parts covered by a medicated bandage that Jesus was using to get an
antidote to a sacramental drug while he's yelling I'm not a child trafficker to those of you who that doesn't sit
well with good hell Satan hell Satan
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle shell magic even stronger than the drugs to sell are
the songs the magic fleece Darkness through
dreams an animal skin with the song of the queen written there with Magic
ink guarded by a dragon in the grave of Mars on the east side of the
Black Sea Dragon Venom from the god with horns I am being ionic watch the image
Jude's letters in Greek cornicopia oroborus Cleo Med and bacus the dragon
Venom will knock them back phas
interferometry traces floating Crazy Eyes drinking purple meat
and whiskey with Lady media straight out of
Babylon Venus with a penis goat horns of [Music]
Alexander hit you with the man the Bro set on the DMT
way up the elemental pce slang what words really mean Dragon Venom of
darkest dreams [Music]